README.md, before:

﻿#Accent Occurrences

> The Accent Occurrences extension adds an accent/highlight feature to Visual Studio 2012-2015 that allows you to quickly see all the occurrences of a selected word or selected characters.

####Features:
- Customizable colors for background, border, font, and glyph
  - TOOLS → Options... → Environment → Fonts and Colors → Accent Occurrences (Box/Font/Glyph)
- Hold the `Ctrl` key while selecting text to make the search **case sensitive**
- Select using the keyboard or mouse

####Examples and Customization:

![Default](images/default.png)

Default

![Case Sensitive](images/holdingctrl.png)

Case sensitive holding down the `Ctrl` key

![LemonLime](images/lemonlime200.png)

LemonLime, 200%

![DarkSide](images/onthedarkside.png)

OnTheDarkSide

![Options](images/options.png)

TOOLS → Options... → Environment → Fonts and Colors → Accent Occurrences (Box/Font/Glyph)

####Contributing
Pull requests for bug fixes or new features are welcome.

####Version History:
**1.2.1**

- Reverted references to an older version allowing the extension to install and run correctly in older versions of Visual Studio.
  - See [Github](https://github.com/coderfin/AccentOccurrences/issues/2) for more details.

**1.2.0**

- Now installable in Visual Studio 2012-2015 (Community, Pro, and Enterprise).
- Created a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/coderfin/AccentOccurrences) for the project.

**1.1.0**

- Now installable in Visual Studio 2013 as well as 2012.

**1.0.1**

- Fixed an `"Object reference not set to an instance of an object."` error that prevented the extension from installing correctly through the Visual Studio Extensions and Updates manager.

**1.0.0**

- Initial Release

#####ACCENT: Verb - to give emphasis or prominence to.

#####Links that were useful in developing this extension

- http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/vsx/thread/3e9f0fcf-a03f-4508-9a2a-5b0369377d14
- http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd885121.aspx
- http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/vstudio/b389wd38.aspx
- http://solutions.devx.com/ms/msdn/extending-visual-studio-2010-to-support-additional-programming-languages.html
- http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb166195.aspx
- http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6641899/how-to-encapsulate-user-setting-options-page-in-visual-studio-2010-addin
- http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/vstudio/ee361745(v=vs.100).aspx
- http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/vsx/thread/19a2c13d-86ac-4713-9897-88cc585201f1/

Commit message:

Fixes #2 - Reverted references to fix issues with the extension in older versions of Visual Studio. Visual Studio 2012 supported again.

README.md, after:

﻿#Accent Occurrences

> The Accent Occurrences extension adds an accent/highlight feature to Visual Studio 2012-2015 that allows you to quickly see all the occurrences of a selected word or selected characters.

####Features:
- Customizable colors for background, border, font, and glyph
  - TOOLS → Options... → Environment → Fonts and Colors → Accent Occurrences (Box/Font/Glyph)
- Hold the `Ctrl` key while selecting text to make the search **case sensitive**
- Select using the keyboard or mouse

####Examples and Customization:

![Default](images/default.png)

Default

![Case Sensitive](images/holdingctrl.png)

Case sensitive holding down the `Ctrl` key

![LemonLime](images/lemonlime200.png)

LemonLime, 200%

![DarkSide](images/onthedarkside.png)

OnTheDarkSide

![Options](images/options.png)

TOOLS → Options... → Environment → Fonts and Colors → Accent Occurrences (Box/Font/Glyph)

####Build
[Visual Studio 2012](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/confirmation.aspx?id=30682), [Visual Studio 2012 SDK](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=30668), and [Visual Studio 2015](https://www.visualstudio.com/vs-2015-product-editions) are required to build this project. Visual Studio 2012 SDK provides the backwards compatibility to run this extension in older versions of Visual Studio.

####Contributing
Pull requests for bug fixes or new features are welcome.

####Version History:
**1.2.2 - 1.2.1**

- Reverted references to an older version allowing the extension to install and run correctly in older versions of Visual Studio.
  - See [Github](https://github.com/coderfin/AccentOccurrences/issues/2) for more details.

**1.2.0**

- Now installable in Visual Studio 2012-2015 (Community, Pro, and Enterprise).
- Created a [GitHub repository](https://github.com/coderfin/AccentOccurrences) for the project.

**1.1.0**

- Now installable in Visual Studio 2013 as well as 2012.

**1.0.1**

- Fixed an `"Object reference not set to an instance of an object."` error that prevented the extension from installing correctly through the Visual Studio Extensions and Updates manager.

**1.0.0**

- Initial Release

#####ACCENT: Verb - to give emphasis or prominence to.

#####Links that were useful in developing this extension

- http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/vsx/thread/3e9f0fcf-a03f-4508-9a2a-5b0369377d14
- http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/dd885121.aspx
- http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/vstudio/b389wd38.aspx
- http://solutions.devx.com/ms/msdn/extending-visual-studio-2010-to-support-additional-programming-languages.html
- http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb166195.aspx
- http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6641899/how-to-encapsulate-user-setting-options-page-in-visual-studio-2010-addin
- http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/vstudio/ee361745(v=vs.100).aspx
- http://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/vsx/thread/19a2c13d-86ac-4713-9897-88cc585201f1/
